README.md, before:

# StatPadder

Welcome to Stat-Padder! This is your one-stop shop for all things NBA basketball history! The NBA has been fortunate enough to have thousands of legendary players grace its ranks. This gem is meant to commemorate the top 50 players of all time that have impacted and evolved the game.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'stat_padder'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install stat_padder

## Usage





## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Ricky199X/stat_padder. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the StatPadder project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/Ricky199X/stat_padder/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
# stat_padder

testing out committing to Github repo

Commit message:

updates project file, cleans up notes + folders

README.md, after:

# StatPadder

Welcome to Stat-Padder! This is your one-stop shop for all things NBA basketball history! The NBA has been fortunate enough to have thousands of legendary players grace its ranks. This gem is meant to commemorate the top 50 players of all time that have impacted and evolved the game.

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'stat_padder'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install stat_padder

## Usage





## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Ricky199X/stat_padder. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the StatPadder project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/Ricky199X/stat_padder/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
# stat_padder

testing out committing to Github repo
